# Money Manager
We have developed an application or a real time solution of an investment problem using linear programming to have a uniform distribution of a certain investments which can be channelized and restricted to various conditions based upon an individual’s likings or ability to invest under certain criterion. This could also be a fixed amount amongst the various productive sectors. Our model illustrates how to allocate money to different bonds to obtain a maximum total return.

In today’s world investment is like an extra income which can be generated by investing in various kinds of investments. But it has many risks as one cannot predict the future. 
Our first motivation came from our own family. When it comes to money everyone tends to manage their expenses such that less amount of money is spent, and more amount is either saved or invested in some form of investments, for instance real estate, shares, jewelry, insurance or whatever it is that gives good returns for our investments, in future. 
Here the key lies on how much to invest on diverse types of investments, calculating the returns and the risks involved in each investment. 
Any individual whether he/she is has a job or owns a business or is earning ample amount of money or even on an average scale he/she needs to decide where exactly to invest and make sure that the investments they made are wise, safe and possibly will generate an extra source of income.
This tendency of people has led to our motivation to build this linear predictive model. 

Introduction to Optimization:
Optimization problems usually deal with real world problems that we encounter in our daily lives that pertain to various fields of study like mathematics, engineering, science, business and economics. In this kind of problems, we find the optimal solution or most efficient way of using the available limited resources to achieve the final objective. Here objective cannot just be limited to maximizing profit, minimizing cost, minimizing expense, minimizing total distance travelled etc. Any optimization problems consist of following three components. 
•	Decision variables: The decisions of the problem are represented using symbols such as X1, X2, X3,..,Xn
•	Objective Function: It is expressed as a mathematical expression in decision variables. Here objective can be maximizing the profit, minimizing the cost, distance, time, etc.
•	Constraints: This are the limitations or requirements of the problem which are expressed as inequalities or equations in decision variables.
